Add design documents (#1)
cybozu-go/myso: docs/crd_mysql_backup_schedule.md

| `kind`       | string                                        | Kind.                                                |
| `metadata`   | [ObjectMeta]                                  | Standard object's metadata.                          |
| `spec`       | [BackupScheduleSpec](#BackupScheduleSpec)     | Specification of scheduling.                         |
| `status`     | [BackupScheduleStatus](#BackupScheduleStatus) | Most recently observed status of the scheduled jobs. |

## BackupScheduleSpec

| Field                    | Type                                    | Required | Description                                                               |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `clusterName`            | string                                  | Yes      | Name of [`MySQLCluster`](crd_mysql_cluster.md)                            |
| `schedule`               | string                                  | Yes      | Schedule in Cron format, this value is passed to `CronJob.spec.schedule`. |

> | `objectStorageEndpoint`  | [ObjectStorageSpec](#ObjectStorageSpec) | Yes      | Specification of S3 compatible object storage.                            |

Reviewer: should be changed to `objectStorageName` and type string.

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

> | `retentionPeriodSeconds` | int                                     | Yes      | Retention period of each backup file.                                     |

Reviewer: Specifying duration in seconds is a bit troublesome.
For instance, how many seconds a week is?

I'd like to recommend to use [metav1.Duration](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/apis/meta/v1?tab=doc#Duration) instead.

Reviewer 2: Changed to Duration.

## BackupScheduleStatus

| Field                | Type                                                    | Description                                    |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `lastCompletionTime` | [Time]                                                  | Completion time of the last backup.            |
| `succeeded`          | boolean                                                 | `True` when the job is completed successfully. |
| `conditions`         | [][`BackupScheduleCondition`](#BackupScheduleCondition) | The array of conditions.                       |

## BackupScheduleCondition

| Field                | Type   | Required | Description                                                      |
| -------------------- | ------ | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `type`               | string | Yes      | The type of condition.                                           |

Reviewer: should be an enum.

Reviewer 2: Changed the type to Enum.
Possible values are not defined for now, so left as TBD.

MySQLBackupSchedule
===================

`MySQLBackupSchedule` is a custom resource definition (CRD) that represents
a full dump & binlog scheduling.

> `MySQLBackupSchedule` creates `CronJob` which collects binlog and then rotate dump.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MySQLBackupSchedule` creates `CronJob` that rotates binlog and then creates a full dump of the database.
```

BackupSchedule
==============

`BackupSchedule` is a custom resource definition (CRD) that represents
a full dump & binlog scheduling. This CR creates two `CronJob`s.

> The one is for `Dump` and the other is for `Binlog`.

Author: You are right, sorry

| Field        | Type                                          | Description                                          |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `apiVersion` | string                                        | APIVersion.                                          |
| `kind`       | string                                        | Kind.                                                |
| `metadata`   | [ObjectMeta]                                  | Standard object's metadata.                          |
| `spec`       | [BackupScheduleSpec](#BackupScheduleSpec)     | Specification of scheduling.                         |
| `status`     | [BackupScheduleStatus](#BackupScheduleStatus) | Most recently observed status of the scheduled jobs. |

BackupScheduleSpec
------------------

> | Field                    | Type                                    | Description                                                               |

Author: OK!

| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `clusterName`            | string                                  | Name of [`Cluster`](crd_mysql_cluster.md)                                 |
| `schedule`               | string                                  | Schedule in Cron format, this value is passed to `CronJob.spec.schedule`. |

> | `objectStorageEndpoint`  | [ObjectStorageSpec](#ObjectStorageSpec) | Specification of S3 compatible object storage.                            |

Author: We re-design to extract this information to `ObjectStorage` CRD.

| `retentionPeriodSeconds` | int                                     | Retention period of each backup file.                                     |

BackupScheduleStatus
--------------------

| Field                | Type                                                    | Description                                    |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `lastCompletionTime` | [Time]                                                  | Completion time of the last backup.            |
| `succeeded`          | boolean                                                 | `True` when the job is completed successfully. |
| `conditions`         | [][`BackupScheduleCondition`](#BackupScheduleCondition) | The array of conditions.                       |

> ObjectStorageSpec

Reviewer: It may be better for this kind to be an independent custom resource
because buckets may be used by multiple clusters.

Author: I'll do it!

| `credentialSecretName` | string          | Secret name created by the controller. This contains credential info. |

Value
-----

| Field       | Type                | Description                                                   |
| ----------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `value`     | string              | Value of this field.                                          |
| `valueFrom` | [`Source`](#Source) | Source for the value. Cannot be used if `value` is not empty. |

Source
------

| Field             | Type                     | Description                   |
| ----------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------------------- |
| `configMapKeyRef` | [`ConfigMapKeySelector`] | Selects a key of a ConfigMap. |

BackupScheduleCondition
-----------------------

| Field                | Type   | Description                                                      |
| -------------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`               | string | The type of condition.                                           |

> | `status`             | string | The status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown         |

Author: Applied
